Update ReadMe (#1066)
realm/realm-dart: README.md

 * [Realm Dart API Docs](https://pub.dev/documentation/realm_dart/latest/)

> Use [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart standalone applications.
```

> For a complete documentation go to [Realm Flutter and Dart SDK Docs](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/sdk/flutter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For complete documentation of the SDKs, go to the [Realm SDK documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/sdk/flutter/).
```

> Read [Quick Start - Flutter SDK]( https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/) if you are running the Realm for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Realm SDK for the first time, refer to the [Quick Start documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/).
```

> Read more about using the Realm with [Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services and Device Sync, refer to the following Realm SDK documentation:

- [App Services Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/)
- [Device Sync Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/)
```

## Limitations

> * Data types Set and Map are still not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Realm Database data types Set and Map are not supported yet.
```

> 

Reviewer: suggestion: might also want to add other unsupported features.

for example, on the app Services side, MongoDB Data Access isn't supported. 

not sure what else is missing versus what a Realm SDK _should_ have, but here'd be a good place to mention.

Author: We have this only: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#release-candidate-limitations.

Author: @blagoev commented: "Do we have such limitations page in the docs? We could link to that from here instead?"

Author: We have this only: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/#release-candidate-limitations. But it doesn't list what is still not implemented. Maybe I have to delete this section. What do you think?

Reviewer: i think we can delete this section, then. 

There's no official list of features that a Realm SDK 'should' have, as far as I know. 

Plus, this will be annoying to update as features get added.

# Realm Flutter SDK

> The Realm Flutter package name is [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Realm Flutter SDK's package name is [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm).
```

## Environment setup for Realm Flutter

> * Supported platforms are Flutter (iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS and Linux) and Dart standalone (Windows, MacOS and Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Realm Flutter SDK supports the platforms iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS, and Linux. The Dart Standalone SDK supports Windows, MacOS and Linux.
```

Reviewer: note that removed part about Dart Standalone b/c discussed in following section

* Flutter ^3.0.3

> * For Flutter Desktop environment setup check the guide [here](https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Flutter Desktop environment setup, see [Desktop support for Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop) in the Flutter documentation.
```

 * [Realm Dart API Docs](https://pub.dev/documentation/realm_dart/latest/)

Use [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart applications.

For complete documentation of the SDKs, go to the [Realm SDK documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/sdk/flutter/).

If you are using the Realm SDK for the first time, refer to the [Quick Start documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/).

To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services and Device Sync, refer to the following Realm SDK documentation:

- [App Services Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/)
- [Device Sync Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/)

# Realm Flutter SDK

> The Realm Flutter package name is [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm).

Reviewer 2: We mention this in the beginning. Should we have this here as well?

Author: It is good to have the link here in the relevant section. But you are right that we already mention the names above. Is it OK, to change the text like this:
"Realm Flutter package is published to [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm)."?
The same for Dart.

## Environment setup for Realm Flutter

> * The Realm Flutter supports the platforms iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS and Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Realm Flutter supports the platforms iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS and Linux.
```

 * [Realm Dart API Docs](https://pub.dev/documentation/realm_dart/latest/)

Use [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm) package for Flutter and [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart) package for Dart standalone applications.

For complete documentation of the SDKs, go to the [Realm SDK documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/sdk/flutter/).

If you are using the Realm SDK for the first time, refer to the [Quick Start documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/).

To learn more about using Realm with Atlas App Services and Device Sync, refer to the following Realm SDK documentation:

- [App Services Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/)
- [Device Sync Overview](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/)

## Limitations

* Realm Database data types Set and Map are not supported yet.

# Realm Flutter SDK

The Realm Flutter SDK's package name is [realm](https://pub.dev/packages/realm).

## Environment setup for Realm Flutter

* The Realm Flutter SDK supports the platforms iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS, and Linux.

> * Flutter ^3.0.3

Reviewer 2: In general we should not be mentioning minor versions unless needed as the case with the Dart bug. Also in master we merged a PR which allows `^3.0.0`

Author: Yes, probably I will have to fix it in the main branch to be also 3.0.3.

Author: Added PR https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1074

> * For Flutter Desktop environment setup, see [Desktop support for Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop) in the Flutter documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For Flutter Desktop environment setup, see [Desktop support for Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop).
```

realm.close();
```

# Realm Dart Standalone SDK

The Realm Dart package is [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart).

## Environment setup for Realm Dart

> * The Realm Dart supports the platforms Windows, Mac and Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Realm Dart supports the platforms Windows, Mac and Linux.
```

> # Realm Dart SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Realm Dart Standalone SDK
```

> The Realm Dart package is [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Realm Dart Standalone SDK package is [realm_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/realm_dart).
```

## Environment setup for Realm Dart

* Supported platforms are Windows, Mac and Linux.

> * Dart SDK ^2.17.5

Author: To be aligned to [Update to analyzer 5+](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1072/)

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the comment. You want to block this PR until the other PR lands ?

Author: I don't want to block this PR. I've just added a marker in case the other PR goes first.

Author: Sorry, @blagoev, I deleted your comment by mistake. It was duplicated somehow.
The comment was: "I don't understand the comment. You want to block this PR until the other PR lands ?"

    _*This file should be committed to source control_

> * The usage of the Realm Dart SDK is the same like the Realm Flutter usage above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The usage of the Realm Dart SDK is the same like the Realm Flutter above.
```

> * For more usage of Realm Dart see the Realm Flutter usage above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information on using the Realm Dart Standalone SDK see the Realm Flutter SDK usage above.
```

> # Device Sync with Flutter/Dart SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Device Sync with Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs
```

Run the Realm with [Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

> # Atlas App Services Configuration Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up Atlas App Services
```

> * Create an account on [realm.mongodb.com](https://realm.mongodb.com) - follow the instructions: [Get Started with Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started) or [Get Started with a template app](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Create an account on [cloud.mongodb.com](https://cloud.mongodb.com) - follow the instructions: [Get Started with Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started) or [Get Started with a template app](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an account on [MongoDB Atlas](https://cloud.mongodb.com).
```

* Create a new app following the instructions here: [Create an App with Atlas App Services UI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/manage-apps/create/create-with-realm-ui) or [Create an app with a template app](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/).

> * Read [Authentication Providers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/providers/) to see how to configure the appropriate authentication provider type.
> * Go to the `Device Sync` menu and [Enable Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/configure/enable-sync/#enable-flexible-sync).
> * [Find and Copy the App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/) of your new application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read [Authentication Providers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/providers/) to see how to configure the appropriate authentication provider type.
1. Go to the **Device Sync** menu and [Enable Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/configure/enable-sync/#enable-flexible-sync).
1. [Find and Copy the App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/) of your new application.
```

Reviewer: by doing this, it renders as a numbered list. you could also do `1. `, `2. `, etc.

Reviewer: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64918160/markdown-how-to-make-numbered-list-without-writing-the-actual-numbers

Reviewer 2: nice tip. Still if we go with a list here it would be better imo if we use the 1,2,3 since its more readable while editing the file as well.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Device Sync in the Realm SDK
```

> Set Atlas App Id as a constant
> 
> ``` dart
>   String appId = "tasktracker-fleld";
> ```
> 
> Initialize the app service and authenticate an user.
> 
> ``` dart
>   final appConfig = AppConfiguration(appId);
>   final app = App(appConfig);
>   final user = await app.logIn(Credentials.anonymous());
> ```
> Open a Synced Realm.
> ``` dart
>   final flxConfig = Configuration.flexibleSync(user, [Task.schema]);
>   final realm = Realm(flxConfig);
> ```
> 
> Add a Sync Subscription and write data.
> ``` dart
>   realm.subscriptions.update((mutableSubscriptions) {
>     mutableSubscriptions.add(realm.query<Task>(r'status == $0 AND progressMinutes == $1', ["completed", 100]));
>   });
>   realm.write(() {
>     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Send an email", "completed", 4));
>     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Create a meeting", "completed", 100));
>     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Call the manager", "init", 2));
>   });
> 
>   await realm.subscriptions.waitForSynchronization();
>   realm.close();
> ```
> Only data matching the query in the subscription will be synced to the server and only data matching the subscription will be downloaded to the local device realm file.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
1. Set Atlas App ID as a constant.

   ``` dart
   String appId = "tasktracker-fleld";
   ```

1. Initialize the App Services `App` client and authenticate a user.

   ``` dart
   final appConfig = AppConfiguration(appId);
   final app = App(appConfig);
   final user = await app.logIn(Credentials.anonymous());
   ```
1. Open a synced realm.
   ``` dart
   final flxConfig = Configuration.flexibleSync(user, [Task.schema]);
   final realm = Realm(flxConfig);
   ```

1. Add a sync subscription and write data.
   
   ``` dart
   realm.subscriptions.update((mutableSubscriptions) {
   mutableSubscriptions.add(realm.query<Task>(r'status == $0 AND progressMinutes == $1', ["completed", 100]));
   });
   realm.write(() {
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Send an email", "completed", 4));
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Create a meeting", "completed", 100));
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Call the manager", "init", 2));
   });

   await realm.subscriptions.waitForSynchronization();
   realm.close();
   ```

   Only data matching the query in the subscription will be synced to the server and only data matching the subscription will be downloaded to the local device realm file.
````

> Follow the link for more information about how to [Sync the Realm with Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/#sync-realm-with-mongodb-atlas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to sync Realm using Device Sync, refer to the [Quick Start with Sync documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/#sync-realm-with-mongodb-atlas).
```

    _*This file should be committed to source control_

> * For more information on using the Realm Dart Standalone see the Realm Flutter usage above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information on using the Realm Dart Standalone SDK see the Realm Flutter SDK usage above.
```

Author: Changed to "The usage of the Realm Dart SDK is the same like the Realm Flutter usage above."

# Sync data with Realm Flutter and Dart using Device Sync

This section is about how to use the Realm with [Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and how to connect to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

## Set up Atlas App Services

> 1. Create an account on [cloud.mongodb.com](https://cloud.mongodb.com) - follow the instructions: [Register a new Atlas Account](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/create-atlas-account/#register-a-new-service-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an account on [cloud.mongodb.com](https://cloud.mongodb.com). Follow the instructions: [Register a new Atlas Account](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/create-atlas-account/#register-a-new-service-account).
```

Author: Done

1. Create a new App following the instructions here: [Create an App with Atlas App Services UI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/manage-apps/create/create-with-realm-ui).
1. Read [Authentication Providers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/providers/) to see how to configure the appropriate authentication provider type.
1. Go to the **Device Sync** menu and [Enable Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/configure/enable-sync/#enable-flexible-sync).
1. [Find and Copy the App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/) of your new application.

## Use Device Sync with the Realm

1. Initialize the App Services `App` client and authenticate a user.

   ``` dart
   String appId = "<Atlas App ID>";
   final appConfig = AppConfiguration(appId);
   final app = App(appConfig);
   final user = await app.logIn(Credentials.anonymous());

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```

```

1. Open a synced realm.

>    ``` dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   ``` dart
```

   final config = Configuration.flexibleSync(user, [Task.schema]);
   final realm = Realm(config);
   ```

1. Add a sync subscription and write data.

> 
>    ``` dart
>    realm.subscriptions.update((mutableSubscriptions) {
>    mutableSubscriptions.add(realm.query<Task>(r'status == $0 AND progressMinutes == $1', ["completed", 100]));
>    });
>    await realm.subscriptions.waitForSynchronization();
>    realm.write(() {
>      realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Send an email", "completed", 4));
>      realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Create a meeting", "completed", 100));
>      realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Call the manager", "init", 2));
>    });
>    realm.close();
>    ```
> 
>    Only data matching the query in the subscription will be synced to the server and only data matching the subscription will be downloaded to the local device realm file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
   Only data matching the query in the subscription will be synced to the server and only data matching the subscription will be downloaded to the local device realm file.

   ``` dart
   realm.subscriptions.update((mutableSubscriptions) {
   mutableSubscriptions.add(realm.query<Task>(r'status == $0 AND progressMinutes == $1', ["completed", 100]));
   });
   await realm.subscriptions.waitForSynchronization();
   realm.write(() {
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Send an email", "completed", 4));
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Create a meeting", "completed", 100));
     realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Call the manager", "init", 2));
   });
   realm.close();
   ```
```

Reviewer: moved description before code example

    _*This file should be committed to source control_

> * For more information on using the Realm Dart Standalone SDK see the Realm Flutter SDK usage above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information on using the Realm Dart Standalone see the Realm Flutter usage above.
```
as mentioned above we don't need to emphasize the word SDK each time

Author: OK

> # Device Sync with Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Device Sync with Realm Flutter and Dart SDKs 
```
The Dart Standalone goes with many names so we could skip mentioning it too much. Not sure which one is the most popular or if there is one  so I suggest we just drop it here.

Author: Replaced with "Sync data with Realm Flutter and Dart using Device Sync"

> # Device Sync with Realm Flutter and Dart Standalone SDKs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Sync data with Realm Flutter and Dart using Device Sync
```

Author: OK

> Run the Realm with [Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/sync/) and connecting to [Atlas App Services](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/app-services/).

Reviewer 2: What does it mean to `Run the Realm`? I think we need to rephrase it here not sure how since it is not clear to me what is the purpose of this sentence? Provide the links to the docs?

Author: Edited.

> ## Set up Atlas App Services

Reviewer 2: Should we change to numbered list here. Is this a precondition to `Use Device Sync in the Realm SDK`

Author: I don't understand what should be numbered list. The title or everything after it?

* Create an account on [cloud.mongodb.com](https://cloud.mongodb.com) - follow the instructions: [Get Started with Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started) or [Get Started with a template app](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/)

> 1. Create a new App following the instructions here: [Create an App with Atlas App Services UI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/manage-apps/create/create-with-realm-ui) or [Create an App with a Template App](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/).

Reviewer 2: this looks mismatched. We start with a bullet and then switch to numbered list.

Author: Fixed.

> 1. Create a new App following the instructions here: [Create an App with Atlas App Services UI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/manage-apps/create/create-with-realm-ui) or [Create an App with a Template App](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/flutter/).

Reviewer 2: I suggest we pick one thing here and guide people to use that one. So perhaps the template app here only

Author: OK, I choose `Create an App with Atlas App Services UI` because this is the exact instruction only for creating an App.

* Read [Authentication Providers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/providers/) to see how to configure the appropriate authentication provider type.
* Go to the `Device Sync` menu and [Enable Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/configure/enable-sync/#enable-flexible-sync).
* [Find and Copy the App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/) of your new application.

## Use Device Sync in the Realm SDK

> Set Atlas App Id as a constant

Reviewer 2: I think these should be part of a numbered list

``` dart

>   String appId = "tasktracker-fleld";

Reviewer 2: I suggest we provide longer example here. so combining this example with the next one will be more clear.

Author: Moved to the next part of code.

```

Initialize the app service and authenticate an user.

``` dart
  final appConfig = AppConfiguration(appId);
  final app = App(appConfig);
  final user = await app.logIn(Credentials.anonymous());
```
Open a Synced Realm.
``` dart

>   final flxConfig = Configuration.flexibleSync(user, [Task.schema]);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  final config = Configuration.flexibleSync(user, [Task.schema]);
```

Author: Done

  final realm = Realm(flxConfig);
```

Add a Sync Subscription and write data.
``` dart
  realm.subscriptions.update((mutableSubscriptions) {
    mutableSubscriptions.add(realm.query<Task>(r'status == $0 AND progressMinutes == $1', ["completed", 100]));
  });
  realm.write(() {
    realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Send an email", "completed", 4));
    realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Create a meeting", "completed", 100));
    realm.add(Task(ObjectId(), "Call the manager", "init", 2));
  });

>   await realm.subscriptions.waitForSynchronization();

Reviewer 2: why `waitForSynchronization` after we did a `realm write`

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this be before the write

Author: I moved it above.

  realm.close();
```
Only data matching the query in the subscription will be synced to the server and only data matching the subscription will be downloaded to the local device realm file.

> To learn more about how to sync Realm using Device Sync, refer to the [Quick Start with Sync documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/#sync-realm-with-mongodb-atlas).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to sync data with Realm using Device Sync, refer to the [Quick Start with Sync documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/quick-start/#sync-realm-with-mongodb-atlas).
```

Author: Done
